Atlantic 2023 website (#1902)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/atlantic/2023/news/announcing-cfp.rst

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

.. post:: Mar 1, 2023
   :tags: {{shortcode}}-{{year}}, cfp

Announcing Call for Proposals
=============================

Today we are announcing our `Call for Proposals <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/cfp/>`_.

> We'll have more updates soon,
> but we wanted to announce our CFP so you have time to prepare your talk ideas. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Speaking at Write the Docs is a fantastic way to share your ideas with our inspiring community of documentarians.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Speaking at Write the Docs Atlantic is a fantastic way to share your ideas with our inspiring global community of documentarians.
```

> If there is something you’d really like to see a talk on this year, submit a proposal on it, or refer someone else who would be good!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is something you’d really like to see a talk on, submit a proposal on it, or refer someone else who you think would be good!
```

> While we will share some updates with a wider mailing list, sign up to the separate
> `Atlantic conference mailing list <https://www.writethedocs.org/newsletter/>`_ to stay
> up to date on all details for Write the Docs Atlantic 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign up to the `Atlantic conference mailing list <https://www.writethedocs.org/newsletter/>`_ to be the first to hear details as we announce them.
```

mildly awkward, but :shrug:

Call for Proposals
------------------
Every year, Write the Docs invites people from all across our community to come up on stage to share their insights and experience.
We're looking for ideas and use-cases from all disciplines and roles, so whether you're a technical writer, developer, UX designer, community manager, or support professional who cares about content and communication, we want to hear from you!

**The conference is virtual and all talks will be pre-recorded, allowing you to present and attend from anywhere!**
Our video producer will be available to help with recording if you want it.

> We'd also love it if you'll be available for a remote live Q&A with our moderators after your talk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timezones permitting, there will be a remote live Q&A with our moderators after every talk.
```

Could also use rewording, but :man_shrugging:

The schedule will run from the early afternoon to early evening in most European/African timezones,
and from early morning to late afternoon in US East Coast/South America timezones.
Of course, this being a virtual conference, attendees and speakers are welcomed from anywhere in the world.

> You can read our full `Call for Proposals <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/cfp/>`__ on the website.
> 
> The Call for Proposals will be open until **23:59 {{cfp.ends}} {{ tz }}**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the full `Call for Proposals <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/cfp/>`__, 
it will be open until **23:59 {{cfp.ends}} {{ tz }}**.
```

Tickets
-------
Tickets will go on sale in April.

> Pricing will be similar to the `2022 virtual conference pricing <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/2022/tickets/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pricing will be similar to the `Prague 2022 virtual conference pricing <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/2022/tickets/>`__.
```
